# Create Relational Models

## Create a new model:

Start by creating a new GraphQL file i.e. ModelName.graphql, then enter the attributes for that model. Then run command to create composite. Make sure the Admin DID created above is included in te daemon.config.json file "admin-dids" /.ceramic/daemon.config.json

    composedb composite:create schema/DiscussionTopic.graphql --output composites/DiscussionTopic.json --did-private-key $(cat priv.key)

## loadModel in order to create relations between models.

Once created this model can be used to create the next model that references it. In this case the AddressBookEntry.graphql file. In order to do so you need to use the @loadModel directive and find the ID for the model that was just created:

    type DemoAddressBookEntry @createModel(
        accountRelation: LIST
        description: "A simple demo address book entry"
    ) {
        addressBook: StreamID! @documentReference(model: "DemoAddressBook")
        book: DemoAddressBook! @relationDocument(property: "addressBook")
        entryName: String! @string(maxLength: 100)
        walletAdresses: [WalletAdresses!] @list(maxLength: 50)
    }

    type WalletAdresses {
        address: String! @string(maxLength: 100)
        blockchainNetwork: String! @string(maxLength: 100)
    }

Then create the composite as above.

    composedb composite:create schema/DiscussionTopicComment.graphql --output composites/DiscussionTopicComment.json --did-private-key $(cat priv.key)

## Merge created composites

Once all composites have been created then we need to merge them into a single composite. This is done by running the following command:

    composedb composite:merge composites/DiscussionTopic.json composites/DiscussionTopicComment.json --output composites/Merged.json

## Deploy them to Ceramic Node

The local Ceramic node needs to be running in order to deploy the merged composite to it. The following command will deploy the composite to the local Ceramic node:

    composedb composite:deploy composites/Merged.json

The output will be the StreamID of the models/composites that were deployed. These IDs need to be added to the Ceramic daemon in order to ensure the data is being indexed / stored in the database:

    code ~/.ceramic/daemon.config.json

Add the StreamIDs to the "models" array in the daemon.config.json file. Then restart the Ceramic node.
